My Algortihm - Introduction
Every day more people is interested in learning how to code, for that, they need to start at the basis of coding: algorithms; however, 
it is clear a lack of a dedicated website where people can browse between a database of algorithms, compare theirs works and improve them, 
and even contribute with their own ideas and work together along other coders with the same needs. And that is the problematic that My Algorithm will solve: 

My Algorithm will be a dedicated website where students, coders of any level and interested people in learning to code, will be able to 
browse between a large, rich and constantly updating library of algorithms created by the same community of My Algorithm. Creating an account 
will allow the users to upload their own works in a personal space called “My Board”, and these works will be indexed in the Algorithm Library, 
a database that classify and sort all the contributions (scripted by the community) by tags, rate, popularity, etc. to ease the searching function. 

The website will work the following way: the user enters the website (they do not need to sing or log in), the main page will show him some of 
the most popular algorithms, the Challenge of the Week, etc. as well as the searching bar, where they only need to type a specific word or tag 
and the algorithms in the library that matches the description will be shown. 

This project aims to help students of computation, software and related to develop a critical, logical thinking (a very important soft skill for 
engineering), as well as consolidate them in an active community of reciprocal learning.

///

Transcription of the Video:
Hey you! So, are you interested in learning how to code, but, where to start? C+, C#, Python, omg they are hundreds of languages! So, why not to 
start at the basis of programming: the Algorithms! According to professionals, programming should be learned in a language-agnostic way, that means, 
you should learn first the concepts and then the language, in order to develop a critical, logical and optimal approach. 

If only there existed a dedicated website where users could create, test and share their algorithms in an active, competitive community of reciprocal 
learning… well, now it does!

Introducing My Algorithm, an online, dedicated website where students, coders of any level, kids, youths and seniors can browse between a large, 
always updating database full of algorithms created by the community! You only need to introduce in the search bar a tag o keyword and then all 
the works that matches the description will be displayed. 

Creating an account will allow you to upload your works to a special, personal place called “My board”, where other people can rate, comment 
and suggest improvements to you. What are you waiting to start learning? It only takes a few minutes!

My Algorithm: the website where excellent coders are made!
Link for the video on Youtube: https://youtu.be/NzKN317HhZU
